You're having a tough time right now. I
think that if we get this right, the
locations that you have will continue to
grow even better. This is Anie. She runs
a chain of eyelash salons doing $2.3
million per year. But she's dealing with
challenges with her business partners.
And she spread way too thin. And if she
doesn't fix this fast, this business
won't just stall. It'll start falling
apart. Hi, I'm Annie. I own Amy Lash and
Beauty. We are in the business of
empowering women with eyelash extension
service with a revenue of 2.3 million
644,000 and 28% net margin. We have
seven locations, been in business for
over 10 years and helped over 20,000
clients. Amazing. What's the problem
that you're dealing with right now? I
have three problems. First is lead
generations cuz we always need more
clients. Second is making the service
better. Manager training is inconsistent
because the managers are spending most
of their time doing lashes. New
employees aren't getting trans quickly.
Third is partner problems. Some partner
have dropped responsibilities since the
initial equity agreement and I don't
take a salary for doing most of the work
on marketing and scaling. What happens
if you don't get these solved? The
company is not going to grow. I'm doing
unpaid work. So I feel unfair. I don't
know how to have hard conversations with
the partners because they're also my
friends. All right. Tell me more about
the partnership situation. Have three
partners. Mhm.
Right now they are just not aligning
with my new goals and mission. Yeah. To
grow the company. They kind of have
their own thing. One partner has her
full like full-time career. Yeah. And a
new baby. And a new baby. They don't uh
manage the lash artist. They don't train
them. So that the customer service and
the fulfillment are not as good. Yeah.
That's probably why those locations
don't have as many customers. Mhm. Word
of mouth. Yeah, we kind of have to fix
these, you know, call it seven locations
first. And I think if we nail the model,
you'll sleep better at night.
Definitely. Right. Okay. And so that
600-ish,000 that you have in profit, is
that before you split it between all the
owners? Uh, yes. Okay. Got it. Yeah.
You're you're having a tough time right
now. It's a lot of it's a lot of people
to manage. I'm feeling a little bit
stuck because I'm having a disagreement
on how to grow the business. I have a
bigger vision where I want to take the
company, but my partners they share the
same vision. Who do you help? So, I help
99% women mostly in their 20s to 50s.
Women who just value time saving or want
to look good without needing a lot of
makeup. Is there an income level that
this associated with or does it work in
any market? The people who come back to
continue the service would need a higher
income. But for someone who just went
for an event, it could be anyone. How do
you help them? So for a new client, our
lash artist go through
consultations, make a recommendations,
and apply their first set of lashes. If
a client decide they want to continue
with the service, they come back every
two to four weeks for refills. I want to
double click there for a second. If they
decide they want to come back, how does
that work? They just come back in
basically when they want to come back.
Yes. Ah, noted. So, this is a massive
untapped opportunity that so many
businesses miss out on. And so, there's
two versions of this that you can do.
Number one is something we call Bam Fam,
which I talk about all the time, which I
got from Shirro Savata, which is book a
meeting from a meeting. Bam. That's what
it stands for. So, if you ever have the
opportunity where someone comes in and
they're going to have to come in again,
book it then. just get it done rather
than trying to rely on them coming back
by chance or remembering you or just
even just creating the administrative
burden of later having to schedule it
when they're not right in front of you.
The other way is just creating some sort
of membership. Now, those are a little
bit harder to sell because people don't
like having recurring billing. That's
why BAFFM is one of the easiest ways you
can implement just about any business,
but the recurring membership component,
if we can structure the membership well
with a really compelling offer, it might
be something that's going to drive more
and more people into it, which will
stabilize the business. Okay. So, how do
you make money? depending on the style
of lashes between 170 to 300. We do have
an intro promotion for 99. When they
come back between two to four weeks is
70 to 270. The longer they go in between
fills, the more it costs. So, let's say
that someone comes in for $200 worth of
lashes. What does it cost you in labor
and what does it cost you in lashes? We
pay our lash 50%.
Really? Wow. Do they cover the cost of
the lashes as well? Well, we pay the
cost of everything.
Wow. Wow. Generous. So, they get 50% of
topline and then you deal with the cost
of goods, marketing, rent, cleaning,
everything else. Yep. Wow. It's
impressive that you're running 28%
margins with that. That means you're
running everything else on 22% all your
Our supply is cheap. That's why. Yeah.
No, but I mean still 22% that's really
impressive for literally giving 50% of
top line away. Okay. So, how do you get
customers? 50% of clients come from
Google. It's unclear whether this is
organic SEO or pay ads. Although I do
spend $1,000 a month on Google ads per
location. No, totally. Come by. Yes.
With the $1,000 per month, you're saying
you spend between five locations. Yes.
So you're spending $200 a month per
location. Mhm. So spending uh a,000
bucks a month between six locations. So
that's like
$180, whatever the math is, per month
that she's
spending. It's not a lot. Think about
this. She's spending $12,000 on a $2.3
million business. So if she spent 1% of
her revenue be 23,000. So she's spending
a half a percent on marketing, which to
me is either like this marketing isn't
working or she's not spending nearly
enough. And I think she's actually in
the camp of not spending nearly enough.
If she tells me anecdotally that half
the people coming in say they heard of
her from Google, I'm going to bet it's
doing more than nothing, I'm of the camp
of like, man, she's probably on a gold
mine right now. Her probably cost to get
a customer is almost nothing and she
should spend way more to get more people
in the door. How many customers do you
sell a month? On an average month, our
total appointment is 1,700. Total guest
scale is 1,100. 30% new clients, 70
recalling clients. 50% our clients stay
longer than 3 months. Do you have the
same prices during the weekend? Uh and
during like search times. Yes. Same
pricing for weekdays and weekends. When
is it busiest? Usually Friday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. Is there a time of
day or is it just those days all the way
through? Just those days. So the oldest
law in business is supply and demand.
And the cross point is where you have
price. And if there is more demand and
less supply like for certain times,
certain days, then price typically can
and should go up. And so she's running a
business right now where she has some
supply constraints that are temporal,
meaning either time of day or day of
week where she has constraints only on
those days. And so on those days, it
would behoove us or behoove Anie to bump
the prices up to reflect that shift in
the supply demand of the business. Now,
if you're like, "Oh, but wouldn't it
piss off our customers?" Of course,
everything is about how you frame
things. Now, wouldn't it be nicer if we
said, "These are the prices on Thursday,
Friday, Saturday, and the rest of the
week you get a discount, right? And
that'll also drive more people to come
the other days which will then smooth
out her demand curve and ultimately keep
her staff better utilized during the
week and then by doing that increase her
availability on weekends which would
then drive more people to those times
that she can fill back up but again at a
higher price.
Genius.
Brilliant. Let me ask you a big
question.
Would you say that you have more of a
limitation on doing the work or getting
customers? Getting new customers.
Interesting. So, you could handle a lot
more volume. Mhm. So, it's more demand
issue. All right. Beyond that, why the
rush?
There's no rush. It's just that I don't
see an improvement. Can I tell you why I
ask? Yes. You have two or three
different partners? Mhm. Why' you take
the partners on? I did not have the
manpower to manage, didn't have the
money to hire like a manager. Then I'll
ask the question, why the rush of
opening before you had the money and
before you had the manpower? I just
thought that we would make more money
with another location. I agree with you.
You probably already noticed though that
the next location is significantly
harder than the first one. And the
profit, I'll bet you a big part of the
profit is probably from your first. the
ones that you have the most direct
control over. So I thought when I open
more locations I would make more money
but then I realized the manager aren't
training the new employee as well. The
fulfillment of the service are not as
good. Some location aren't do as well.
So I have a lot of empathy for Anie
because I made the same mistake and so I
had six locations almost to the you know
same thing. I had multiple partners. I
did this. I did this. And the reality is
that if I had just continued to cash
flow, you know, the first location that
I had rather than getting really
aggressive with my expansion, I would
have expanded better, more profitably,
and I probably would have had a stronger
brand going into new markets. And so
sometimes we have to go against our
desire to do things fast, make them
easy, just make quick big bets on new
people that are unvetted or untested.
Whereas, if she had been able to
maintain control and maybe have three
locations by the same time period, and
she owns them all outright, she would be
consistently stomping out these new
locations, because here's the really fun
fact, the fastest way to five locations
isn't the fastest way to 50 locations.
You might go slower for your first one,
two, three, four, but by doing it that
way, you set up the infrastructure, the
foundation to be able to then
aggressively go from four to 10 and then
from 10 to
50. But you can't do that if you have
all these hodge podge deals on the side.
Because let's think about this all the
way at the natural extreme. Do we think
the future version of the business is
her with a 100 different partners?
Probably not. And if that's not the
future version of the business, why
start doing that today? And the answer
to that question is one word, rush. This
is the prolocation numbers. You own
number one and number four outright.
Number one makes the most profit, I'm
guessing. Mhm. Does that one run 28 or
is it higher margins there? It's around
the same margin. Okay. So, it's like 20.
So, really? Okay. Mhm. Cool. So, that
one makes like 250,000 a year, something
like that. Yeah. Okay. And
then all of them kind of maintain the
same margins or is any of them not
profitable? Are they all profitable?
very similar margin. Really? Yes. That's
interesting. That's not common. That's a
good thing. Yeah, that's a that's a
kudos to you. Talk to me about the
membership process. So, we just started
a membership. We're still working on it.
Not rolling out yet. So, you've never
really tried to have some sort of upsell
offer. We do have an upsell. When a
client come in for that $99 set, I
usually upsell them to 170, which is
like a better set of lashes. Okay. What
percentage do you upsell? I can upsell
90% of the time. What about the team?
Probably do less of 50. They don't even
ask. They don't even ask. They I mean I
guess they're getting you know if they
have 50 that's not bad. 50 is not
terrible. Also I in terms of close rates
I you have like 99% close rate for
people who walk in the door. I probably
wouldn't I don't even know if I would
track I mean it's worth tracking to see
if it falls falls off. But what I'd be
more interested in seeing is the close
rate on upsells because the $99 thing is
not where you're going to not where you
make your money. So, she's got a really
big opportunity here where she's saying
that, you know, they close 100%, but
it's a basically pre-closed people who
already checked out on a page. And so,
when someone walks in already having
spent the money or knowing that they're
going to spend this money, they already
know the price, they have the card down,
those are like, in my opinion, just
absolutely assumed closes, like you're
not going to mess those up. The real
opportunity though is that these are
essentially lead magnets. They're
front-end promotional offers that are
not designed to make money. the offer
that's designed to make money, the
profit maximization component of it is
the upsells. If she's not getting a huge
percentage of people to take the
upsells, those are all the missed
opportunities because think of it like
this. Let's say she breaks even
functionally in terms of cost after
payroll and taxes and materials and and
rent and labor and all that stuff on
these these promotional offers. Cuz if
she only did promotional offers, she
wouldn't have any profit in the
business. So, the real business is the
upsell and that's what we have to be
focusing all of our attention on so that
we can maximize that step one to step
two take rate. What's the incentive for
the girls to stay? The lash artist. Mhm.
Cuz I'm I'm assuming that you could lose
them pretty easily. I'd offer training
and to, you know, advance their
techniques, but mostly the other people
aren't delivering on money. Yeah. Yeah.
So, are do you lose them to other
competitors or do you lose them more to
them just going out on their own? going
out on. That's uh one huge problem that
I have is I don't know how to prevent
them from taking our clients either.
Yeah. Mhm. I have ideas. Ready to dive
in? Yeah. Okay, let's do it. Come on
over. So, here's how we're going to do
it. Number one, we're going to talk
about pricing. I think you have a little
bit of an opportunity there that I'll
walk through in terms of surge pricing.
Number two,
membership that you're trying to put
together. I have a lot of ideas on what
we can do to make that better. Three is
going to be the upsell process. Next one
is going to be career path for your team
so that you can try and keep more of
them. Ads plus attribution. How do we
know we're getting what we're spending
for? This is going to be a big
one. Partnership.
Man, it's hard for me to even talk about
the other five without going into this
because I think that this is like this
is the one that feels the heaviest to me
right now because fundamentally if we
don't nail a partnership then none of
the execution is going to happen. That's
what happened after I went back from the
event like, hey, these are all the
things we I want to do, but they're not
really on board. Yeah. Okay, check this
out real quick. So, this is the $100
million scaling road map. Leila and I
spent 200-ish hours going over all the
companies that we've owned, invested,
scaled, and tried to break down where
were the points that we got stuck and
then what do we do to break through and
we broke into these 10 stages and Anie
is at stage six, optimize. So, let's
look at some of the problems that she's
dealing with. She has to run more ads
than she currently is. So, to graduate
here, she's got to implement the ad
assembly process to increase volume. If
you're like, "What's that?" I have a
whole video on it if you're at stage
six. She has to install a product
improvement process for both products
because the second product here is the
membership product, right? And so we
need to put a process in place so that
we can continue to improve it so we can
decrease churn and get more people to to
take that upsell which also goes
handinhand with installing sales
training systems and individual coaching
and a team cadence to make sure that
they're maximizing that upsell at step
two when they come in for that promo
offer. We need to get more people to
take that upsell both in terms of just
the immediate upsell but also the
membership upsell. And the only way
we're going to do that is through
training. And I think Anie says this,
she's like, you know, the team's not as
trained train trained as well as they
should be. And if we're thinking about
like what layer is this, she's got two
layers of management. She's a full team
of managers. Every one of these
locations has a manager. So these are
the problems that she's dealing with
right now. And for her long-term, right,
she almost shortcut the idea of getting
good managers by just partnering. But
what she really needed here, like what
was the constraint was that the number
and type of role she needed exceeded her
current network, right? And the thing is
is that she just used her current
network to just pull people in. And that
has become an issue. And so these are
all problems that happen all the time at
stage six. And so if you're like, man, I
would love to know what stage of
business I'm at so that I can know what
the constraints are and what I need to
graduate. And so this is 100% free. You
go to
acquisition.com/roadmap. You type in
your business information and it'll
it'll figure out what stage you're at
and give you the potential solutions
that might help you get through that
stage with your business. And if you'd
like my team to actually work with you
um in person to make sure that this is
stage you're at and these are the things
that can help debottleneck your growth
then on the thank you page you can
schedule a call with our team and we'd
love to potentially see you out here in
Vegas. Well then I don't normally do
this but let's talk about the
partnership first. Let's resolve that
and then we can talk about all the
downstream stuff. You have three sets of
partners. You have two that work
full-time and then one that you've done
multiple partnerships with. Mhm. Which
one do you want to tackle first? The big
one. Yes. Yeah. The reason I wanted to
talk about her partnership structure is
because all of these things that I'm
going to go over are wonderful ideas and
they're great things that she could do
to potentially grow the business. But if
she's using up 80% of her mental
bandwidth on these partnerships, then
she's never going to be able to execute
any of this. I want to maximize the
likelihood she succeeds. And part of
that is deconstruing the biggest time
drain she has, which is these
partnerships that she hasn't visited
yet. Which is why one of my favorite
quotes is everything you want in life is
on the other side of a few hard
conversations. You know, my heart goes
out to her with the partnership
situation, and I know that firsthand,
having nine failed partnerships. All the
big jumps in my career happened after I
had tough partnership conversations. If
she doesn't deal with this thing, it's
just going to get bigger and nastier.
And so, you might as well deal with it
now. And so, this is me also talking to
Anie and her potential partners. Please
try and resolve whatever concerns you
have and set up clear expectations.
Don't leave it in the gray. Don't leave
something the gray because you don't
want to confront the issue. like
whatever you say to your husband or you
say to the people behind one another's
back, just say it to each other. Get it
out there. Be clear about what you want.
And then ultimately, I think it's going
to be better for all parties. I think
that your initial inclination is right,
which is that you have option one is
that there's a role that doesn't exist
within the business, which is to do this
level of work. And so I'll tell you a
story. So when I had my first
partnership ever, I or second
partnership ever, I had two people come
into the business. And so they were all
one-third partners. But I was the one
who ran the gym, but I didn't get paid
any more than the other two partners who
never stepped not really didn't step
foot in the gym comparatively to the
amount of hours I did. The big issue
that I had was that I never asked for
basically what I should have probably
been paid, which would have been what a
manager would have been paid. And so the
actual business has artificially high
profit margins because there's a role
that I'm doing as owner, but I'm also
doing the role of somebody who would be
working the business because long-term,
in order for it to really scale, you
can't work in it. So you're basically
running as manager probably for multiple
locations right now. You're basically
doing as an unpaid manager, which is not
uncommon in the very beginning, but over
time it's like as cash flow is there,
you really want to have that role so
that later you can say, I'm going to
hire someone and we're going to pay them
the same amount that we paid me to take
this role. And so it should be the rate
that somebody else would be able to do
the same work for. It's super important
for ANI or anybody who has a model that
they intend to scale to pay what would
be market rate for the role that they're
fulfilling within the business. And the
reason that's important is because if
you want to open up more locations,
you're going to have to leave that
location, which means you're going to
have to backfill your skill set there.
There's a couple components to this. One
is if you're doing like four different
things at 25%, then that means there's
something wrong with the model. We need
to better organize the team and the
roles so that all that work gets
covered. And if somebody else is going
to come in and do those, you know, four
25% rolls, fine. But we need to make
sure that that's factored into our
return on capital in terms of how much
it costs to open up a new location
versus how much we're going to make from
it. And so let's say that we've got a
location that's making $300,000 in
profit and it cost us $50,000 to open.
We'd be like, "Oh my god, let's let's
open a ton of these." But we then find
out that it costs us, you know,
$200,000, for example, to pay somebody
who's good enough to be able to execute
the business model there. All of a
sudden, now we're making only $100,000
in profit per location, $50,000
invested. Now, mind you, that might
still be a good return, but we still
have to factor all of those pieces in.
Is is this the real return or is this
artificially inflated because people are
are acting as owners and just getting a
profit share of it? Um, and it's not
really built into the overall economics
of the model. And this is why we say
nail it then scale it. That's option
one. The other option is if you decide
that you don't think the partnership is
going to work out long term, that I do
think it makes sense for you to split
the partnership. Now, there's two paths
there. So, path one is that she buys
you. the other path is you buy her.
Right now, I think the fairest way to
approach it is to do something called a
shotgun offer, which is like I will buy
you out for this, but I will also accept
that for you to buy me out. And so, you
can make it basically make the price and
the terms. So, it's like pay me over two
years, pay me over 3 years, don't have
to pay it up front, but when that
happens, you're going to be running this
business and I'm going to be running my
own locations. I think that if we get
this right, I think the locations that
you have will continue to grow even
better. It's just the problem is what if
they say no to the buying out part.
Well, the thing is is that you have
leverage. Mhm. Which is if you're the
working partner, you can say, "Well,
then I'm not going to work anymore."
Okay. So, there's leverage. Yeah. And to
be fair, they have the equal opposite
leverage. But if they already are not
working, then there's less leverage.
Being the person who works and brings it
in always gives you leverage in
relationship. The idea here though is
that I think the fairest offer is I will
buy you out at this but I'll also accept
that. But either way, I don't think this
is going to work longterm because we
have different goals. Yeah. And also
because you have multiple locations
together. You might be able to do just a
straight equity swap which is like your
50/50 here and 50/50 here. Let me just
take this one. You take that one and we
just go our separate ways. And that's
super smooth cuz then you really it's a
it's an inkind transaction. There's no
taxes and you basically just swap equity
for equity. I've actually done a deal
like that. that might be the cleanest
thing for you to do cuz it's a clean
break. And now all of her focus is like
I just have to make this one profitable
and then you just get the other full one
and if you want to be really generous
about it, you can say I'll let you pick
which one. Okay. If you want to be
really generous with it. Yeah. How do
you think Do you think you'll take that?
I think it's a pretty reasonable offer.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, that gives you three
different paths. I think the salary
thing is going to be hard given what you
said. It sounds like a clean break is
the way to go. So, either buy me out or
let's just trade. So, we have path A.
You do an increased profit share. Path
B, which is shotgun offer. Path C is we
just consolidate. I take the other half
of this one. You take the other half of
that one. Which one you Which one do you
think you'll offer? Offer the first one
first. And then if they say no, cuz I
still want to have the relationships. I
still want to run this business together
if they on board. If How many years have
you done this with them? Five. But it
has been working. So before we just kind
of we were friends. We would just let it
be. Yeah. Uh there's not a lot of
growing the business, right? Does just
more like hiring and different goals.
Yes. Now it's like I want to make each
customer be happier with the service. I
want to improve our employee. You have
higher goals than what she wants to do,
which there's nothing wrong with that.
She's a family. She has another career.
Whatever.
Can I give you my two cents? Mhm. I
think you should do the equity swap.
thing is is that I think you'll be able
to keep the relationship longer term
basically because if you have an ugly
end of the partnership which you know
the profit share percentage then there's
like well now I feel like I'm getting
paid even less and you're really just
doing what you were already doing you're
just being greedy you know there's the
shotgun offer which then you know one of
you is writing a check to the other
person for the next two years and that
kind of stings every month the equity
swap's a very clean clean way to end it
and it's just unique to the situation
that you have because you both own
multiple locations together and so I
think consolidating that is very clean
and then at that point you can be 100%
friends and you can share all the
secrets that are working you know with
one another but she can choose to do
whatever she wants with her location
right and that way you can still talk
business you can still talk all the
things you normally do except the stakes
are less and if she doesn't want to do
so much she just have to do it
that's my advice cuz I think that you
want to run faster than someone else
does and that's very hard to to keep
long term
that's what I would do for partnership
how does it work if let's say the she
picked the one that's the second
location.
It wouldn't be the same at the equity of
the less revenue ones. Yeah, it depends
how bad you want to get out. I'm
serious. I gave Yeah, I gave my uh my
best location to a partner so that I
could split. You said earlier that you
have about the same level of margin
between the two locations. You've got
two and three. It's like if you got
three and you got two, that would be a
quote unfair deal for for you. Okay. It
would be. Mhm. But then you're not going
to be restrained anymore and you can go
do all the things and you'll be at 550
or 600 or 700 in the next 12 months
because you want to do more things.
Yeah. So then fine. Okay. This is a
small business. You can you can very
quickly change the numbers. That'll be
the easy part. Okay. This is the hard
part. Yeah. The rest of this is
straightforward. Yep. You feel all right
with that so far? Yes. Okay. Let's talk
pricing. I think that you should
probably consider a plus 20% price raise
on weekends and that's because that's
when demand is the highest, right? If
somebody wants off hours, then they get
off hour prices. If they want peak
hours, then they get peak prices. And so
that'll smooth out the demand within the
facility so that you can actually just
get more utilization out of it. And over
time, what'll happen is that you'll
smooth out the the weekdays, but then
you'll have even more people on the
weekends. You'll just end up making
more. And I think that'll have a big
difference on your profitability. And so
this is where I would experiment with
having a weekend search price. Now
you're having people just come back
whenever. At the end of every single
appointment, we needed to have a bam
bam, which is book a meeting from a
meeting. So, when they finish with the
lashes, they walk them to the front and
they say, "Cool, your lashes are going
to be done in, you know, 2 weeks or 3
weeks. Let's just get that on the
calendar now cuz I'm getting booked up
pretty quick." Mhm. Is there any reason
you can't do that? We do have clients
who book their appointment right away.
But not all of them. Not all. Right. But
if we had all of them do it, we would
make more for sure. Because even at
basic level, if they're coming back
every four weeks or every five weeks,
and we just get them always to come back
every three weeks, you double the amount
of times they come back in the year.
Yeah. It's a lot. Mhm. So, do you think
you your team can do that? Do we give
them like an incentive to book? Can we
book? You can or you can make it the
job. So, we do ask them and we do ask
the client book. Yes. Every time. Okay.
Um just some of them, you know, they
like, "Oh, I'll book later. I'm busy.
Yeah, we would do basic sales training
around this because it is fundamentally
a sale. And so if someone's like, hey,
I'm not sure. It's like, well, totally.
If you want, I'm here and you're here.
Let's just pull up our calendars and
that way we can just get it sorted right
now so you don't have to worry about it
later. So, it's just like a couple lines
that you can overcome with somebody that
I mean, if you just train them on like
two things to say if someone says, "Can
I do it right now?" And maybe like, "I
don't have my card on me." You're like,
"Don't worry, we have the card on file
and if you want here, let me just pull
it up. Does next Saturday work? Does the
Saturday after that work? Now, you might
find that you have a better time booking
the next appointment before you do the
lashes. Okay. Because I'm sure when
they're have their lashes done, they
like want to get out the door, right?
Yeah. But if you book it while they're
doing it or before, it's like they're
just sitting there. Yeah. So, you've got
How long does it take to do lashes? Like
an hour, right? So, if they're like, I
don't have time to figure this out now.
It's like we have 60 minutes to just get
one thing done, which is like, let's
just book the next time you're in. Okay.
Do you feel like that's more reasonable?
Yeah, we can try be before they get the
lashes done. Yeah, that's a good idea. I
prefer to sell before because once
someone has gotten the value, they want
to leave. And so I want to do it before
they've, you know, gotten the value cuz
they're like, "Oh man, I want to get
this done." And he's like, "Great, then
let's the these are going to run out in
3 weeks. Let's get the next one on the
calendar." Okay, so bam fan will just
say
before before
slashduring. Getting a customer to come
back and buy again is absolutely a sales
conversation. Though it walks and talks
like an administrative conversation, a
scheduling conversation, but a lot of
sales conversations look walk and talk
like that, but they're not. And so, we
need to treat this conversation and
outcome of getting them booked back in
with the proper respect it deserves for
the business. Because if all of a sudden
we got 80 or 90% to rebook, it would
dramatically change the outcome of the
business. If that's the case, then we
should put a lot of attention to this.
And the nice thing is is this doesn't
even seem that hard, which are my
favorite types of implementations. Not
that hard, hugely impactful. Now, I do
want to talk about the career path. Does
everyone come in and start at 50%. No.
So, they start at uh 40. Not Not
everyone depends on their experience.
Experience. Okay. The way that I like
organizing something like this is here,
I'll draw it out for you. Let's say
somebody could make eventually, you
know, 55%. Okay. Okay. So, say like we
got
55% and then we've got 50% and we've got
45%. And then we've got
40%.
35 and then 30. All right. Let's just
say that that's hypothetically our our
little path here. All right. So, they
might start here and they're going to be
junior, you know, technician, whatever.
Now, we can intermediarly give them a
bump. But I like to have this basically
every 3 months.
So, this gives you almost a two-year
time horizon of improvements where you
say, "Cool, I'm going to give you go
from junior to lash
tech and then you get the raise and then
you go senior lash
you get what's another word for
technician?"
Lash artist. Perfect. So it's like
technician is the first three. So you go
junior, normal, senior and then you go
same thing, junior
artist and then you go
artist and then you go senior
artist. So that gives you six title
changes and six different compensation
changes and you just do it every 3
months. And then when they hit their
their three-month or six month or
ninemonth, what you can do is that with
the increase of pay, you also unlock um
training as you unlock these new things,
we're going to give you another skill
which you can charge even more money
for. So it just unlocks the earning
because not only do they get higher
income, so basically when you give them
the title, they're still at their old
pay, but you give them another skill
they can charge more for. Yeah. Does
that make sense? Yeah. And so that way
they're making more money at every
level. One is they just literally get
better economics. The other is that they
learn another skill that have different
tiles. Yeah. That they can Exactly.
Okay. Do you feel like you could break
it into like six pieces? The training.
Yes. Cool. And then that gives you a
career path that they can work into. So
what we're talking about here is
deconstraining a supplybased constraint,
which is how is she going to get more
good technicians in each of her
locations? And this is a super common
constraint. And so if you're a business
owner and you're being limited either by
demand or by your ability to deliver on
the demand, aka supply, um we run
workshops here at our headquarters here
in Vegas and if you like my team to just
directly take a look at your business,
then you could just schedule a call with
my team and as long as you know we
understand the business and we think we
could help you out, we'll invite you
out. So if that's interesting, you can
click the link below this video.
Otherwise, enjoy. What happened after 2
years? Good question. I like the the
idea that you had where you have the one
girl who's 33%. I think you just gave
too much. And I think that you gave
ownership rather than a profit show. And
so the way that I explain this is, and
you can draw this for them or you can
have them watch this, right? Is that
there's four things that you get with
ownership. You've got risk, which I
don't know if they want that. There's
control, which right now you're not
giving up. You've got
profit. And then you've got a sale, like
if you sold the whole business. Those
are the four components of equity. Now,
they don't probably want this. they're
not going to get that. And so what you
can do is just give them the profit from
the facility but not ownership per se.
So it's like I'm just going to give you
this profit share in the form of a bonus
and you can bonus them out every month.
Okay. And so if we want to say like
what's the what's the end goal? What do
you think would be enough for them to to
be like this is cool? Like this is it
100,000 a year like what's the amount of
money that they'd be like that's a lot.
I think so. So, what we do is I always
back into what my ontarget earnings,
it's called OT, what I want my on target
earnings to be. So, if they're going to
be a true owner, then they're not are
they going to be doing lashes or no?
Yes. Okay. I'll tell you where I'm going
with this is that I want to create a
path where they can get 20% of the
profit of the facility. And so what you
can do is say, "Cool. You're going to
have the opportunity once you pass 24
months. Once you pass two years, when I
have my next locations that I'm opening
up, I'll be able to place you in one of
those new locations, and you can have
one of your own." Mhm. I'll throw in all
the money. You'll work and you're going
to get 10% year 1 and 20% year two. So
that's four years. Mhm. But you have to
do this extra work. Mhm. That's
associated with that.
Now, the cool thing here is that it's
not equity, per se. So that if they're
not doing a good job, you could say, you
know what, maybe you should just be a
full-time tech. This much money has to
go to getting somebody to run this
thing. And it's either going to be you
or it's going to be somebody else. So,
I'd rather give it to you cuz I trust
you and I know you. But this gives you a
very long-term career path for that.
Okay? So, it's like, put your two years
in, you're going to continue to make
more. You'll be fully trained up so that
eventually you can train other people,
which then you can open the new
locations. And hopefully by two years of
every location, you'll have enough cash
flow to open in Iowa. Okay. For this
Mhm. I'd start them at 40 though. Should
I start? I can start up less. 40%. Yes.
Can I stretch the new time? Okay. The
new ones you can start lower. Mhm. Um,
and when you're saying stretching out
the time, you mean like instead of 3
months, can I do every 6 months? You
could. I like having more frequent more
frequent bumps. I'd rather I'd rather
you go 40 42 and 1/2 45 47 and 1/2 50 if
you need to break up the the increments.
Okay. That it's I actually like the
cadence a lot. I like 3 months cuz it's
always it's it's right there. Yeah. 6
months sometimes is too far away. Okay.
Yes. Mhm. So yeah, if you have to with
the existing ones, you can go 40 to 50
and just break it into that's four
chunks plus the four title changes.
That's eight chunks. Okay. Does that
work? Okay. And you could do it every
four months and that still gets to your
two years. Yes. That's doable. Yes. Do
you like this? Yes. Okay. Good. And to
be clear, you're saying, "I'm not going
to give you a facility when you get
here. I'm going to see you qualify."
Yeah. But you're going to compete
against all the other girls for two
years. So, you got to be the best one.
Yeah. Cuz I'm going to give to the best
person. Yeah. That way, there's some
competitiveness. Cool. Yeah. Okay.
Great. Let's talk about the membership.
What ideas do you currently have for the
membership that you want to sell on the
back end? Right now, we have a monthly
membership, a 6 months, and 12 months.
Okay. Are they paying up front? Yes,
they pay upfront for the whole six
months. That's what I'm offering. I love
No, I love it. It's great. So, um for
the monthly one, they not What do they
pay for six and what do they pay for 12?
Depends on the type of fills that
they're getting now. And we multiply it
by Yeah. 6 months. Okay. What's the
discount for 6 months is 10% and 12
month is 15%.
Okay. And then 15%. Got it. Do a lot of
people do this? I haven't. Okay. So, you
haven't done it yet. I just So, let me
give you some ideas on this. So, first
off, I would rather you give away free
stuff than discount if you can. Because
one, it'll be cheaper for you. Yeah. Cuz
your costs are so low. If we can make
the value of whatever it is more than
10% off. Mhm. Which you can do for less
than the 10% of the cost because I'll
get you I'll bet that the the actual
cost of of stuff is I don't know nothing
almost for the lashes, I'm guessing.
Yeah. Right. So, what kind of free thing
could you add in that would be like, you
know, valuable for them? Well, I I
already add in the free facials on
those. Okay. So, they have facials. We
for the monthly one, the price don't
change, but I do have a lot of benefits.
So, you give them facials for free when
they come in. Okay. What else do you
give them? Just discount products and
Okay. Product discounts. Okay. We also
increase our referral from $10 to 50 if
they are a member. Okay. Okay. I like
all that. And then just um
anniversary gifts and birthday gifts.
Really
good. Do you look at our stuff? This is
good. Yeah, I love it.
No, it's good. Uh anniversary and then
more value but don't um you don't have
to change the price. Yeah. No, I love
it. So, I want to understand what makes
this membership that she wants to roll
out compelling because sometimes people
just roll out memberships that are just
discount based memberships and like not
my favorite way to roll out a
membership. I want to add some
significant benefits. So, it's like you
want to take away bad stuff which would
be money and add good stuff which would
be value. I want to make it dare I say
dare I say an offer so good people would
feel stupid saying no.
Uh and so what I'm going over here is
what are the bonuses? And so if you're
like huh I would love to know how to
structure bonuses. The good news is I
have an entire chapter on how to
structure bonuses inside my offers book
on page 117. So, how do you splinter
stack what you have, pull out the
different components, order them in such
a way that they're the most compelling
as possible to each avatar. And I will
say this, I think people kind of sit on
this continuum of like they have no
bonuses or they offer like a 100
bonuses. I think the magic is actually
in the middle. is you want to have each
bonus in and of itself be worth the same
value as the overall price. And so that
someone could just say, "I would do it
only for this. I would do it only for
the free facials." Right? Now, would
they do it only for the bump and
referral bonus? Probably not. Would they
do it only for the discount? Maybe. But
to me, up to this point, the most
compelling thing she brought up was that
they would get facials every time they
come in, which I think is not a bad not
a bad thing. Let's see if there's
something else that we can put up. So,
one other thing that you could consider
doing, and I think this makes it kind of
fun, it's up to you, is you could have a
little sweep stake. Mhm. Where every
month they're entered into kind of a
giveaway where they get something cool.
Um, and then that way when you select
the winner, you can then advertise it
kind of all over the place. And also, if
the person who if they were referred by
somebody, the person who referred them
wins, too. So, that'll give them a
really strong incentive to refer as many
people as possible because they'll get
as many chances as possible to win. And
so I think it should be like say I'm
thinking like something like $200 to
$500 of it has to be enough that they
should be excited about it. So just like
one last thing like maybe but like I
think if it was $500 worth like the
whatever the full suite you know deal is
you give it to one person a month. I
think that's very exciting from a
marketing perspective. It's not a huge
cost to the business. Yeah. Does that
work? Yes. Okay. So how are we going to
sell it? So someone comes online they
put their card down. They show up in
person for you know the $99 promo.
Right. While they're there, we're going
to try and book their next appointment
before they even start or during the
during the appointment. We're gonna get
them booked for the next one. Okay.
Where are we going to do the upsell for
the service or the membership?
Membership. Now, I'm starting with the
clients who already coming. Okay. So,
the recurring clients, yes. And I say,
why don't you try the memberships?
You're paying the same amount you're
paying now every two weeks. Mhm. Except
you get all this stuff if Yeah. But then
now you get all this stuff and then you
also get a free facial. Yeah. Uh just
sign up today. Yeah, I only asked like a
handful of clients. Okay. And how many
people said yes? Um, two out of out of
like five. Okay, it's not bad. The one
thing that I would do is is the So the
facials right now if they say yes. Mhm.
Okay, that's good. Immediate bonus is
strong. I mean 40%'s not
bad. I would like it to be like 70
though. I wonder how many more reps you
just need. Yeah, I think just offer
more. Yeah, because it's because
basically you have to I think you have
to get into the conversation and kind of
learn the flow of it. But I would
imagine if you say, "Hey, um, do you did
you want to get like some of these free
things?" And they'll probably say,
"Yes." And it's like, "Cool. It doesn't
cost you anymore." And then be like,
"Oh, great. How do I do that?" It's like
just sign up the membership. And the way
that I'd start it is say you've been
here,
especially if you're upselling existing
customers, you know, six times in the
last,
you know, whatever, 6 months.
So, just look up the CRM. How many times
have you been here? Like, hey, you've
been here, you know, six times in the
last 6
months. I realized that you
haven't supposed to get that. And
they're like, I didn't know. It's like,
yeah, all you have to do is just sign up
as a one of the members. You pay nothing
more than you're currently paying, but
you just get all of these things that
you should already be getting cuz you've
already Cuz like if we can frame it on
the fact that they should have already
been getting it, it's kind of like a
default close rather than trying to get
them to opt into something. I want the
positioning to be like, you've already
been paying for it and opted in for it.
Now, we just need to formalize it. Yeah.
I remember reading a study in a book
called I think it was like 50 scientific
ways to get to yes. And one of the
things they talked about in the book was
that one country was able to get like
80% of people to opt in to be a organ
donor whereas other countries average
like 10%. And the one thing that that
country did is they had people opt out
of being an organ donor rather than opt
into it. And so to me that almost
permanently changed how I saw upselling,
which is how do I make the thing that I
want someone to do appear like the
default option as in they have to opt
out of it. And so the way that I'm
trying to frame this upsell for Anie is
that hey, you've already opted into this
membership. You just haven't been
getting the bonuses. So, let's just like
formalize you getting what you already
should have been getting rather than do
you want to do this new thing. So,
upsells in a true new sales scenario,
you might be at 30ish%, 20 to 40,
whatever. And that's the numbers that
she's getting, which is fairly typical.
But if we can structure it so that it
feels like a default close or an assumed
close based on past behavior, we might
overnight be at those 80 90% close
rates, which is where I want it to be.
the more you can get it to be like, "Oh,
you should already have this." And the
less pressure it is, the more likely
they're like, "Yeah, okay. Sign me up."
How are you actually facilitating the
transaction? You have the card on file,
right? Yes. So, do you say, "Hey, we can
just use the cards you have on file." Do
you say that? Uh, no, because I haven't
asked that many. Okay. Well, I would
have that as my actual final CCTA. is
that way you can say, "Hey, um, if you
ask, I'll give you the facial right now
and we'll get you booked for the next
time you're out here. You'll also get a
facial then, too, and you get some of
these other things." And when you come
to the front, cardinal file work, great.
And then that way when they check out,
boom, it's done. They're on recurring
and they just sign the thing and then
they're in. Yeah. Seamless. What if they
don't rebook?
They don't rebook. To be fair, the
rebook is a is an easier sale than the
than the membership. We have to first be
able to close people on rebooking. If
someone's not going to come back again,
they're definitely not buying a
membership. Yeah. So, we got to like
like we we we foot in the door like get
the small win. Yeah. And then offer free
stuff and then go for the membership.
Okay. So, it's a three-step. Okay. Does
that make sense though? Yes. Okay. Okay.
So, that's how that's how I would pitch
it um for the existing people. Do I
bother to sell the six and 12 months at
all or only if people ask? So, that's a
different sale. So, I'll tell you. So,
the way it actually would work is that
after they say yes to the the
membership, you then say, "Would you
want to save some money?" Okay? And then
you say, "Cool. If you want to save some
money, you can prepay it today. Would
you prefer 12 or six?" Like, you're
getting into a sales business. Like,
this is how it works. The reason
prepayment for memberships is so
valuable is one, people who prepay churn
at a significantly lower percentage.
Number two, it pulls cash forward for
the business, which allows you to grow
more rapidly if you want to pay people
more aggressively. And fundamentally,
cash today is always worth more than
cash in the future. And I would say
third and maybe more most importantly,
if they're prepaying for the year, it's
unlikely they're going to go somewhere
else. So you basically lock in the
customer for all of the future business
rather than maybe they're only going to
come four more times this year and
they're going to mix and match between
you and two other places. I'm going to
draw this out cuz I think it's
worthwhile. So first we bam fam the
appointment. We have to get the next
booking. Then we have our free offer.
That's kind of the beat, right? We have
our free offer. They say, "Yes, I want
the free eyebrows." And we say, "Cool."
So, we already know when you're coming
back, so you might as well just sign up
for the membership. Yes. So, now we have
our membership. Yes. If they say if
we're already in on the membership, just
from one tip. Mhm. This happens
separately from when they check out. So,
this is at the at the station. When they
go up to check out, then we say, "Want
to save some money? Save whatever $1
$150." Now, they're going to be looking
at their bill and it's almost the whole
bill. So, they're like, "Yeah, I I want
to save $150." It's like, "Awesome.
prepay the next
12. And if they're like, "Oh, I don't
want to do that." You're like, "Oh, if
you want, we could just prepay to six."
You want to do
six. That way you can save them money.
Yeah. But to make it really sexy is you
say, "Oh, do you want the day to be
free?" Cuz they're at the checkout.
They're right there. The card's on file.
They're about to leave. Like, do you
want the day to be free? Oh, cool. Just
sign up for the next 12. Okay. We
already have the next time you're here.
So, you're good to go. Just check the
box. Now, that to be clear is going to
be off what you're gonna save over the
next year. But we'll apply the first
discount tonight. Feel all right with
that. Or is that too complicated? No, I
get I get Okay. But it's just bam. Just
the wording. Yeah, for sure. This is
training. This is how you train staff to
do this. I need the recording. Yeah. So,
I can learn it and then train other
people. Yes. The training other people
is hard part. Well, why don't we just
cover the training right now? So, if
you're in a service business, you're in
the recruiting, hiring, and training
business for the most part because
selling lashes to me is not super hard.
Like beauty in general tends to not be
difficult to sell because people just
like go in and they look better. So it's
a very easy sale compared to like, hey,
work out for a year and wake up early
and stop eating the foods you love. Much
harder sale. The real thing that will
scale this brand is her ability to scale
training to new people who come in the
door. And the arbitrage of the business
is being able to get someone in who has
low skill, train them up on your system,
and then be able to charge a higher rate
for what that skill commands in the
marketplace. And so basically the
arbitrage of I can train someone in a
week and take them and and pay them what
I got them to say yes to on the way in.
And then with the added training that
I'm paying for, I can now make this
spread on what the market now values
this new skill out. And fundamentally
that arbitrage is what exists in service
businesses and how service businesses
make money. So she's got to be able to
teach other people how to do this. The
way that you have to train this is that
you have to basically have them come in
30 minutes early or whatever you know
whatever the gaps are during the day and
honestly like this is going to sound
crazy but like every day for 30 minutes
they role play with each other. So if
you have four girls there it's two and
two and one person's in the chair and
they do the first part. Hey so what time
you want to come in and then you have to
well I'm not sure and then it's like
well let's pull up your calendar like
I'll tell you what days I have open.
Yeah no uh if you want to do it with me
and they should be incentivized to do
that because they want to get the money.
I they only have to train the front
desk. One girl at one location. That's
fine. Then it's even easier. So you just
have to role play with her. Don't just
say here, say these words. It's not
going to work. It's just repetition over
and over and over again. As soon as they
mess up, say cool. Say it like this. Try
it again. Say like this. Try it again.
You did great. Do it five more times.
Okay. Right. And we'll try from the top
again. It's just a ton of repetition.
Yeah. And then when somebody comes in,
they'll probably say it the right way.
Okay. Okay. All right. So the last piece
is really just the ads and attribution.
So this is actually very integrated into
the brick and mortar. Okay. So when
someone walks in, so this is during,
right? This is
after, which is these ones. That's
after. And then I know this is looks
weird, but this is
before. So when someone walks in the
door, what we want is we want to
immediately get their ID. So hey, do you
have your ID on you? As soon as they
walk in, that confirms the appointment.
Then you say, "Great. Do you have the
card that you want to put down today for
to to pay for the thing?" So they
already have that card on file when they
book. Good. So we're just confirming it.
Yep. Now the next piece is great. Sign
in. And on the sign in, we want to have
the drop down of where they came
from. That way we can have our
attribution for the marketing and the
referral code if someone's getting some
sort of referral benefit. The longer you
stay in business, the more you are
compensated by the quality of your
decisions, not how hard or how long you
work. As you increase leverage in your
career, you want to make better and
better decisions. And one of the easiest
ways to make better decisions is have
good, clean data. And so, you can always
just do post-it notes and duct tape in
the beginning. And that's how a lot of
people start. There's nothing wrong with
that. But at some point, you have to
make bigger and bigger bets on where
you're going to invest, where you're
going to grow, how you're going to
expand. And in order to make these
irreversible bets, we need to collect
the data so we don't bet the farm on
something that's a loser. So that way
when every single person walks in, it's
like, great, you have ID in you.
Awesome. Cool. Is this the card you want
to use for today? Just confirming cuz
sometimes people want to change their
card out. You're like, awesome. Uh, can
you sign in right here? Where'd you hear
about us? Great. Did anyone send you?
Cool. Let me know who. If not, then
there you go. So then you got your
referrals tracked, you got your ad
attribution tracked, you got the right
cards on file, and you have uh
confirmation that it's the person. The
reason I ask for ID first is because
it's less intimidating. This is just
like it's a checklist and they just
follow it with every single person who
walks in the door. Yeah. Like the fact
that you have this waiting area is the
biggest advantage for most service
businesses that are underutilized is cuz
you can check off all things. You can
get your reviews. You can get your next
deployment done. You can get the card on
file. You can find out where they came
from. You can get all of this stuff done
before they walk in to get their
service. Y that's the big
stuff. But I think we have to do the
partnership thing. I think that's the
big deal. Yes. Mhm. That's what what's
holding me back. No, it is. Okay. So,
let's let's recap both those for you.
Let's go easiest and fastest. So, I use
ice as my my little moniker. So, impact,
confidence, ease. So, how likely is it
this is going to work? How easy is it?
And how big of an impact is it going to
make? So, something that's really easy,
really fast, and high impact. We do
those first. And some things are high
impact like the partnerships, but it's
going to be not easy, right? Okay. So
ICE is a really common investor
framework and it also maps pretty
closely to the value equation which is
like what are the four elements of
value? You have the dream outcome which
ICE is the eye of impact. You have the
perceived like of achievement which is
the confidence score. How likely is this
to occur? And ICE just says ease but I
split that into how fast and how and how
much effort is there. So there's four
variables in mind. If you want to use
ICE, you can use three, whatever. But
the point is is that we have to make
these appraisals based on what expected
return do we have for the resources we
plan to allocate into the business. What
bets are we going to make? And so,
zooming all the way out, I define
strategy as prioritization of resources.
There's a lot of things we could do to
Anie's business, but the idea is that we
want to allocate our resources to the
fewest things that are going to get us
the highest probability of high returns.
And so this is how we reorder these
these things that we went over so that
she can get the most out of it. Number
one is I do think weekend pricing is
just like easy profit that will make a
huge difference for the business. All
you have to do is just have two sets of
you know pamphlets or whatever that you
have on the counter and when it goes
Thursday then you have Thursday through
Friday pricing or Thursday through
Saturday pricing. So regular clients get
annoyed,
absorbed that well if you want to I can
grandfather you in if you have a come
also great too another great way right
and actually that's amazing hold on that
is probably the biggest benefit that we
can put in this thing for the membership
is you have same pricing yeah non
surge
pricing there we go now It's meaty. So,
one of the beautiful things is that you
can create a problem then solve it. So,
we're going to raise the price, but if
you sign up for a membership, you're not
going to have the price. It's only for
weekends. So, if you want to come on
peak hours and not pay peak prices, just
join the membership. I like that. That
sounds good. That feels sellable. Mhm.
Okay. So, weekend pricing, which will
then pair with the membership offer.
And then I think we have our before
process. Number five we have our
during process. Number five we have our
after process. Six we have career
path and then seven
finally we have our partnership issues.
Okay. So, weekend pricing I think for
you is going to probably I think it's
going to be a huge difference because
it's going to flow people right into the
membership. So, I think you'll probably
be able to see a 10%ish increase in
revenue without really doing anything
else cuz 50% of the time you get a 20%
bump. Do you think 20% is too high for a
Do you want to do 10%. Think we can
start with 10. See how it goes. You have
to be sold on it. If you're not sold on
it, it's not going to work. So, if you
feel good with 10, I'm good with 10. All
right. So we'll bump it by 10, which
means you'll probably have something
like a 5% increase in revenue. But that
5% increase in revenue given your 28%
margins goes from 28 to 32, sorry, 28 to
33. And so it's closer to 20% profit
increase for you. So even though it
might sound small, right? Yeah. It's a
whole another location. Mhm. Right. Not
bad. Uh membership offer. So the thing
here is that you said the uh a lot of
customers stay past 3 months, right?
Yeah. What percentage do? Around 50.
Yeah. Right. So if we can get that to
something like 70% plus, that will
probably be one of the largest changes
in the business because you don't have
to pay to acquire those customers and
they just basically are always
profitable going forward. And so that's
probably somewhere in the neighborhood
of like a 20 to 30% lift in the
business. So now the before process,
this is just going to allow you to
increase your ads because you're going
to finally be able to attribute where
are these people coming from, right? So,
we're going to have that plus we're
going to get more people to come back
because we're already booking their next
appointment from right as they walk in.
Right? Then here is where we have our
upsell to uh membership is at the
chair because that's when they have to
do the eyebrows. Unless we can stuff it
before. That's up to you. I feel like
it'll work better in the chair. I think
it's well not in the chair cuz then they
won't be talking. They need to keep
their eyes closed. Mhm. and get the
service done. So, you think you should
do before? Yeah. Okay. After booking the
appointment and then Well, then let's do
this. Do the membership. Good thing is
we can just cross this out. So, you're
just gonna have a before and after. So,
before they walk in, you're going to get
your ads, you're going to get their
comeback, you're going to give them the
upsell offer, and you'll get your
reviews because I don't want you to stop
doing that. Yeah. Okay. So, that's all
loaded before. Afterwards is basically
second shot
um and prepayment. So, they've already
agreed, remember earlier, that they were
going to sign up for the membership. On
the way out, we say, "Hey, you want to
have today free because the today free
is basically what they would get off if
they sign up for a year." But remember,
you're not actually giving them today
free. You're just going to say like
that's what you're going to save in
discounts. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. So,
that's where you're going to go and
that'll pull up cash, which I think will
be another probably 20-ish% um that you
can get from the business. Uh the career
path thing, this is just going to
decrease the churn, right, for your for
your staff. And ultimately the thing is
is if you keep the staff then you won't
have to keep retraining people and so
the profit margin of the business will
just naturally improve because the girls
get better, they get more return
customers. They have more repeats. And
then
finally the partnerships. So you're
going to have to have basically three
conversations. Um well really just two
cuz one you're fine with. We just need
to you know increase the ad spend which
we can do once we actually have
tracking. Mhm. The hard conversation I
think you should do the equity swell.
Okay. even if it means you're getting
the smaller one cuz you're going to be
able to go all in on it and just I'm
sure that you'll be able if you're fully
focused, you'll be able to turn it
around in 2 seconds. Okay? And then the
the one girl who has her foot out the
door. I would just give her some sort of
buyout so that she has some some sort of
stability over the next 12 or 18 months.
Okay. And then she's like, "Hey, just do
one one favor in exchange for this. Just
help me replace you." Yeah. That's
it. How does this feel? Good. Feels like
work. Yes. I like it. Let a little bonus
one. 2.5 is follow
up with leads. So you could probably pay
someone $40,000 a year to do one thing,
which is just call the leads that come
in. Do nothing else. You have to do
anything else. You can stay at home,
call the leads within 1 minute. So what
we're going to do is we're going to make
that number one. So oh by the way, maybe
make that zero. This one is a 2 to 3x
for the business.
That solves your lead genen issue. Okay.
So, you're going to hire somebody who's
going to call the leads. We're going to
roll out the membership offer with the
weekend pricing. We're going to train
the team on the new pricing. The reason
it's going to make sense is because
they're going to have this career path
and then you're going to have this
conversation with your partnership
because now you're going to have a more
trained staff. They're going to get to
pay better. Okay. So, when do we call
the lease? We say immediately, hey, we
saw that you trying to book an
appointment. It didn't go through. I
would just say, hey, saw that you booked
our $99 promo. Oh, what time do you want
to come in? Okay. And then great, what
card do you want to use? And they're
going to say, "Sure, here's my card."
And if they don't say, it's like, "Why
do you need my card?" You say, "It's how
we've always done it. It's how we always
do it. That's how you say it." Okay. All
right. Awesome job, buddy. Thank you.
Yeah, you bet. If you like this Cash,
guys episode, which we keep making
because you guys keep asking for them,
we have another one of a female stylist
who is a little bit smaller in the
business, about $300,000 a year, and I
think you'll love it. So, go check that
one out. Enjoy.